hi guys HMK here and i'm here with the
unboxing uh yeah the legend of zelda
hyrule historia finally come out in
America and you know big this big as
well for something so far looks gorgeous
um I was able to get my hands on the
coveted limit edition which would be
leather paperback and gilded edges for
the reason because I ordered it amazon
like sorry we got to backed up sorry so
your order then go through so i had to
settle this but still awesome i still
power again the collectors edition the
parallel story but this on boxers for
this one song let's take the old plastic
office gorgeous bitch
it's funny because I'm the son of a
locksmith in my investment imma make I
me this for Christmas a mix keyboard
hateful
my career field bad finish of this feels
very nice but it's a book that can be
bruised is bailing Veniero's book I cry
seafood copy of this guy over
deliver this I crazy person on the edge
right here that's great we have Hyrule
historia wow so this is obviously the
artwork from Skyward Sword beginning
looks awesome Dark Horse Comics dark
horse ebooks whenever we got some cool
artwork other stuff finally he in
English so look forward to that counts
for a lot so that's I really store it if
you don't have it today's day comes out
it's at your local bookstore barnes
nobles borders which still exists around
your area pick one up it's awesome i'm
planning on reading this thing to the
day's end you know in the Bible let's
sell the Bible H&K objects alright so
pick this up sasa book it's pretty big
it's bigger than I expected so ordered
off amazon or buying personally I got 20
bucks it'll be around that price if you
buy a new person in 22 hot all right
that price so this has been HMK with
hyrule historia check guys later
you